{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\fi180\li90\cf1\f0\fs20 The princess was escorted back to her room by her personal guards. After arriving just outside of her room, she orders all the guards except one to leave the vicinity. They did so in a hurry.\par
"Sangkuriang" Said the princess addressing the only guard left standing there. "As you see, I was to be married by a royalty of another kingdom. As such our promise of eloping if I remain without husband when I reach 18 of age is no longer valid."\par
The guard clench his fist tightly. The guard turns out to be Sangkuriang who was known to be very powerful in combat and wields a multitude of mystical powers. Sangkuriang sobbed for a bit until he managed to muttered out several words.\par
"But I have been waiting forever. I had been there even ever since you weren't born, Citaloka. I watched you grow into the splendid woman that you are now. Caring for you and accompanying you during your times of hardships."\par
"Sangkuriang. You indeed were a very precious friend of mine who seemingly never age. And you still are my friend as you will always be. Marrying the king of Majapahit will bring many benefits to our kingdom and it is my obligation to follow what dear father deemed as right for the kingdom."\par
"That's just a ruse from you, right? A woman once did the same thing as you did right now to me. I knew it. Your words are lies all along, right? You actually never wanted me in the first place, right? You only did it because you pitied me, right? If you have to follow whatever the king says then if he is no longer here you have no obligation to follow, right!?" Sangkuriang exclaimed loudly as he was slowly teetering on the edge of his sanity(again).\par
"No its not like that Sangkuriang. That's not what I meant. I indeed like you as you are-"\par
Sangkuriang ignored the princess' call and immediately left the scene. With haste he went towards the throne room in search of the king. Once he arrived there, he did find the king. He then yell with all his strength.\par
"King of Sunda! By tomorrow's sunset, I will personally come for your head and then your daughter. Send the best of your man to stop me by the eastern gate or else I'll make sure what I've said will be more than just a threat." \par
\cf0\par
}
